## Setting up the Guest Shell

Start by creating a virtual port group which enters virtual port group interface configuration mode. This is only Valid on 
routing platforms only and ussed to provide network connectivity to Guest Shell container.

```
device-xe#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
device-xe(config)#interface VirtualPortGroup 0
device-xe(config-if)#  ip add 192.168.35.1 255.255.255.0
device-xe(config-if)#  no shut
device-xe(config-if)#  exit
```
Next we creat a NAT entry (configuration valid on routing platforms only) This is used to NAT traffic from the Guest Shell off box
For example this could be used to access Internet resources.

Note: Inbound access to Guest Shell requires additional NAT, an alternative to NAT is route to VirtualPortGroup address space

```
device-xe(config)#interface VirtualPortGroup0
device-xe(config-if)#ip nat inside
! Interface connected to local network
device-xe(config-if)#interface GigabitEthernet1
device-xe(config-if)# ip nat outside
! Create the ACL
device-xe(config)#ip access-list standard NAT_ACL
device-xe(config-std-nacl)#permit 192.168.0.0 0.0.255.255
! Establishes dynamic source translation, specifying the access list defined in the previous step
device-xe(config)#ip nat inside source list NAT_ACL interface GigabitEthernet1 overload
```

## Enable Guest Shell

VirtualPortGroup (VPG) and IP only needed on routing platforms.
When starting the guestshell, you need to specify the IP address it will use. It is also recommended to determine the nameserver. 
This is all done from 'enable' mode and not the configuration mode.

*Note*: The guestshell enable command without any arguments uses the management virtual routing and forwarding (VRF) instance for networking.

```
device-xe#guestshell enable VirtualPortGroup 0 guest-ip 192.168.35.2 name-server 208.67.222.222
Please wait for completion
Guestshell enabled successfully
```

We can run the 'show app-hosting list', this displays a list of app-hosting services enabled on the device.

```
device-xe# show app-hosting list

App id                           State
------------------------------------------
guestshell                       RUNNING
```
## Disabling the Guest Shell 
```
guestshell disable
```
The 'guestshell disable' command shuts down and disables Guest Shell. When Guest Shell is disabled and the system is reloaded, 
Guest Shell remains disabled.

## Destroying the Guest Shell
```
guestshell destroy
```
The 'guestshell destroy' command removes the rootfs from the flash filesystem. If you decide to re-enable the container in future, 
the system will build it as a new one with default configuration.






