# Cisco IOx 

Cisco IOx provides uniform and consistent hosting capabilities for fog applications across Cisco IoT network infrastructure. 
The application environment brings together Cisco IOS software, the industry-leading networking operating system, and Linux, 
the leading open-source platform. With Cisco IOx, your developers benefit from familiar processes and open-source tools prevalent 
with Linux while generating applications that execute on Cisco IoT network infrastructure.

- Host applications and services at the network edge across different hardware platforms
- A compute platform, application framework, and software development kit
- Manage life cycle aspects of applications

## UCS Express

- Cisco UCS Blade server installed and running in router/switch
UCS E-Series blade servers gives users the flexibility of running these applications on blade servers inside 
Cisco ISR G2 series routers. This reduces the amount of space and power consumption by the traditional 
server infrastructure and lowers the cost of deploying and managing applications at branch.

- Bare-metal or hypervisor operating systems supported
Either deployment of bare-metal or hypervisor systems can be deployed. 
Regardless of the platform being installed, you can install it on your server using one of the following methods. KVM console, PXE installation server
or Host image mapping

- Independent server management (from network)
These servers operate independent of the ISR G2 router and communicate with the router through two internal network 
interfaces; one L3 connection to router processor and one L2 connection to router multi-gigabit fabric backplane switch.


