## Setting up the Guest Shell

Start by creating a virtual port group (VPG) which enters virtual port group interface configuration mode. This mode is only valid on routing platforms and we use it to provide network connectivity to the guest shell container. On switching platforms, like the Catalyst 9000 access to the guest shell is done by bridging the Management port

Enter the configuration terminal and create a Virtual Port Group. When using Virtual Port Groups (VPGs) for front-panel networking, the VPG must be configured first. We give this an IP address and subnet mask as we would any other type of interface.

```
device-xe#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
device-xe(config)#interface VirtualPortGroup 0
device-xe(config-if)#  ip add 192.168.35.1 255.255.255.0
device-xe(config-if)#  no shut
device-xe(config-if)#  exit
```

Next we create a NAT entry (configuration valid on routing platforms only). This entry is used to NAT traffic from the guest shell off-box. For example, use the NAT entry to access Internet resources.

*Note*: Inbound access to the guest shell requires additional NAT. An alternative to NAT is to route to the VirtualPortGroup address space.

```
device-xe(config)#interface VirtualPortGroup0
device-xe(config-if)#ip nat inside
! Interface connected to local network
device-xe(config-if)#interface GigabitEthernet1
device-xe(config-if)# ip nat outside
! Create the ACL
device-xe(config)#ip access-list standard NAT_ACL
device-xe(config-std-nacl)#permit 192.168.0.0 0.0.255.255
! Establishes dynamic source translation, specifying the access list defined in the previous step
device-xe(config)#ip nat inside source list NAT_ACL interface GigabitEthernet1 overload
```

## Enable Guest Shell

On routing platforms, you need VirtualPortGroup (VPG) and IP only.

When starting the guest shell, you need to specify the IP address it will use. It is also recommended to determine the nameserver. 
This is all done from 'enable' mode and not the configuration mode.

*Note*: The `guestshell enable` command without any arguments uses the management virtual routing and forwarding (VRF) instance for networking.

```
device-xe#guestshell enable VirtualPortGroup 0 guest-ip 192.168.35.2 name-server 208.67.222.222
Please wait for completion
Guestshell enabled successfully
```

We can run the `show app-hosting list` command to display a list of app-hosting services enabled on the device.

```
device-xe# show app-hosting list

App id                           State
------------------------------------------
guestshell                       RUNNING
```

## Disabling the Guest Shell

```
guestshell disable
```

The `guestshell disable` command shuts down and disables the guest shell. The guest shell remains disabled when the system is reloaded, and you must re-enable it.

## Destroying the Guest Shell

```
guestshell destroy
```

The `guestshell destroy` command removes the rootfs from the flash file system. If you decide to re-enable the guest shell container, the system builds a new one with default configuration.
